After running above python file we can see this type of output which is nothing but intermediate Python bytecode/CPython's bytecode ..

     2             0 LOAD_CONST               1 ((50, 100))
                   2 UNPACK_SEQUENCE          2
                   4 STORE_FAST               0 (a)
                   6 STORE_FAST               1 (b)

     3             8 LOAD_GLOBAL              0 (print)
                   10 LOAD_FAST                0 (a)
                   12 LOAD_FAST                1 (b)
                   14 BINARY_ADD
                   16 CALL_FUNCTION            1
                   18 POP_TOP
                   20 LOAD_CONST               0 (None)
                   22 RETURN_VALUE
                   

The 'dis' module which can be used to view the intermediate Python bytecode (or you can say, disassembler for Python bytecode) that is generated by CPython (interpreter).


`Python:` It is a language, it only states/describes how to convey/express yourself to the interpreter (the program which accepts your python code).

`Implementation:` It is all about how the interpreter was written, specifically, in what language and what it ends up doing.

`Bytecode:` It is the code that is processed by a program, usually referred to as a virtual machine, rather than by the "real" computer machine, the hardware processor.

CPython is the implementation, which was written in C language. It ends up producing bytecode (stack-machine based instruction set) which is Python specific and then executes it. The reason to convert Python code to a bytecode is because it's easier to implement an interpreter if it looks like machine instructions. But, it isn't necessary to produce some bytecode prior to execution of the Python code (but CPython does produce).
